docs/content/user-manual/elasticjob-lite/usage/job-api/java-api.en.md, before:

+++
title = "Use Java API"
weight = 2
chapter = true
+++

## Job configuration

ElasticJob-Lite uses the builder mode to create job configuration objects.
The code example is as follows:

```java
    JobConfiguration jobConfig = JobConfiguration.newBuilder("myJob", 3).cron("0/5 * * * * ?").shardingItemParameters("0=Beijing,1=Shanghai,2=Guangzhou").build();
```

## Job start

ElasticJob-Lite scheduler is divided into two types: timed scheduling and one-time scheduling.
Each scheduler needs three parameters: registry configuration, job object (or job type), and job configuration when it starts.

### Timed scheduling

```java
public class JobDemo {
    
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        // Class-based Scheduling Jobs
        new ScheduleJobBootstrap(createRegistryCenter(), new MyJob(), createJobConfiguration()).schedule();
        // Type-based Scheduling Jobs
        new ScheduleJobBootstrap(createRegistryCenter(), "MY_TYPE", createJobConfiguration()).schedule();
    }
    
    private static CoordinatorRegistryCenter createRegistryCenter() {
        CoordinatorRegistryCenter regCenter = new ZookeeperRegistryCenter(new ZookeeperConfiguration("zk_host:2181", "elastic-job-demo"));
        regCenter.init();
        return regCenter;
    }
    
    private static JobConfiguration createJobConfiguration() {
        // Create job configuration
        ...
    }
}
```

### One-time scheduling

```java
public class JobDemo {
    
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        OneOffJobBootstrap jobBootstrap = new OneOffJobBootstrap(createRegistryCenter(), new MyJob(), createJobConfiguration());
        // One-time scheduling can be called multiple times
        jobBootstrap.execute();
        jobBootstrap.execute();
        jobBootstrap.execute();
    }
    
    private static CoordinatorRegistryCenter createRegistryCenter() {
        CoordinatorRegistryCenter regCenter = new ZookeeperRegistryCenter(new ZookeeperConfiguration("zk_host:2181", "elastic-job-demo"));
        regCenter.init();
        return regCenter;
    }
    
    private static JobConfiguration createJobConfiguration() {
        // Create job configuration
        ...
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Add document for usage of snapshot service (#1158)
* Update java-api

* Update spring namespace

docs/content/user-manual/elasticjob-lite/usage/job-api/java-api.en.md, after:

+++
title = "Use Java API"
weight = 2
chapter = true
+++

## Job configuration

ElasticJob-Lite uses the builder mode to create job configuration objects.
The code example is as follows:

```java
    JobConfiguration jobConfig = JobConfiguration.newBuilder("myJob", 3).cron("0/5 * * * * ?").shardingItemParameters("0=Beijing,1=Shanghai,2=Guangzhou").build();
```

## Job start

ElasticJob-Lite scheduler is divided into two types: timed scheduling and one-time scheduling.
Each scheduler needs three parameters: registry configuration, job object (or job type), and job configuration when it starts.

### Timed scheduling

```java
public class JobDemo {
    
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        // Class-based Scheduling Jobs
        new ScheduleJobBootstrap(createRegistryCenter(), new MyJob(), createJobConfiguration()).schedule();
        // Type-based Scheduling Jobs
        new ScheduleJobBootstrap(createRegistryCenter(), "MY_TYPE", createJobConfiguration()).schedule();
    }
    
    private static CoordinatorRegistryCenter createRegistryCenter() {
        CoordinatorRegistryCenter regCenter = new ZookeeperRegistryCenter(new ZookeeperConfiguration("zk_host:2181", "elastic-job-demo"));
        regCenter.init();
        return regCenter;
    }
    
    private static JobConfiguration createJobConfiguration() {
        // Create job configuration
        ...
    }
}
```

### One-Off scheduling

```java
public class JobDemo {
    
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        OneOffJobBootstrap jobBootstrap = new OneOffJobBootstrap(createRegistryCenter(), new MyJob(), createJobConfiguration());
        // One-time scheduling can be called multiple times
        jobBootstrap.execute();
        jobBootstrap.execute();
        jobBootstrap.execute();
    }
    
    private static CoordinatorRegistryCenter createRegistryCenter() {
        CoordinatorRegistryCenter regCenter = new ZookeeperRegistryCenter(new ZookeeperConfiguration("zk_host:2181", "elastic-job-demo"));
        regCenter.init();
        return regCenter;
    }
    
    private static JobConfiguration createJobConfiguration() {
        // Create job configuration
        ...
    }
}
```

## Job Dump

Using ElasticJob may meet some distributed problem which is not easy to observe.

Because of developer can not debug in production environment, ElasticJob provide `dump` command to export job runtime information for debugging.

Please refer to [Operation Manual](/cn/user-manual/elasticjob-lite/operation/dump) for more details.

The example below is how to configure spring namespace for open listener port to dump.

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<beans xmlns="http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans"
       xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
       xmlns:elasticjob="http://shardingsphere.apache.org/schema/elasticjob"
       xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans
                           http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans/spring-beans.xsd
                           http://shardingsphere.apache.org/schema/elasticjob
                           http://shardingsphere.apache.org/schema/elasticjob/elasticjob.xsd
                         ">
    <!--Configure register center -->
    <elasticjob:zookeeper id="regCenter" server-lists="yourhost:2181" namespace="dd-job" base-sleep-time-milliseconds="1000" max-sleep-time-milliseconds="3000" max-retries="3" />
    
    <!--Configure snapshot for dump service -->
    <elasticjob:snapshot id="jobSnapshot" registry-center-ref="regCenter" dump-port="9999" />    
</beans>
```
