docs/content/overview/_index.en.md, before:

+++
pre = "<b>1. </b>"
title = "Overview"
weight = 1
chapter = true
+++

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob.svg?style=social&label=Release)](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob/releases)&nbsp;
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob.svg?style=social&label=Star)](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob/stargazers)&nbsp;
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob.svg?style=social&label=Fork)](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob/fork)&nbsp;
[![GitHub watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob.svg?style=social&label=Watch)](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob/watchers)
[![Stargazers over time](https://starchart.cc/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob.svg)](https://starchart.cc/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob)

ElasticJob is a distributed scheduled job solution. 
It is composited from 2 independent sub projects: ElasticJob Lite and ElasticJob Cloud.

ElasticJob Lite is a centre-less solution, use lightweight jar to coordinate distributed jobs.

ElasticJob Lite and ElasticJob Cloud provide unified API. 
Developers only need code one time, then decide to deploy Lite or Cloud as you want.

ElasticJob became an [Apache ShardingSphere](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/) Sub project on May 28 2020.

Welcome communicate with community via [mail list](mailto:dev@shardingsphere.apache.org).

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202-4EB1BA.svg)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob.svg)](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob/releases)

[![Maven Status](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.dangdang/elastic-job/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.dangdang/elastic-job)
[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob?branch=master)

## Architecture

### ElasticJob Lite

![ElasticJob Lite Architecture](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/elasticjob/current/img/architecture/elasticjob_lite.png)

### ElasticJob Cloud

![ElasticJob Cloud Architecture](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/elasticjob/current/img/architecture/elasticjob_cloud.png)

## Features

- Elastic Schedule
  - Support job sharding and high availability in distributed system
  - Scale out for throughput and efficiency improvement
  - Job processing capacity is flexible and scalable with the allocation of resources

- Resource Assign
  - Execute job on suitable time and assigned resources
  - Aggregation same job to same job executor
  - Append resources to newly assigned jobs dynamically

- Job Governance
  - Failover
  - Misfired
  - Self diagnose and recover when distribute environment unstable

- Job Dependency (TODO)
  - DAG based job dependency
  - DAG based job item dependency

- Job Open Ecosystem
  - Unify job api for extension
  - Support rich job type lib, such as dataflow, script, HTTP, file, big data
  - Focus business SDK, can work with Spring IOC

- Admin Console
  - Job administration
  - Job event trace query
  - Registry center management

Commit message:

Update ElasticJob Lite & ElasticJob Cloud to ElasticJob-Lite & ElasticJob-Cloud (#1075)

docs/content/overview/_index.en.md, after:

+++
pre = "<b>1. </b>"
title = "Overview"
weight = 1
chapter = true
+++

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob.svg?style=social&label=Release)](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob/releases)&nbsp;
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob.svg?style=social&label=Star)](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob/stargazers)&nbsp;
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob.svg?style=social&label=Fork)](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob/fork)&nbsp;
[![GitHub watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob.svg?style=social&label=Watch)](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob/watchers)
[![Stargazers over time](https://starchart.cc/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob.svg)](https://starchart.cc/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob)

ElasticJob is a distributed scheduling solution consisting of two separate projects, Lite and Cloud.

ElasticJob-Lite is a lightweight, decentralized solution that provides distributed task sharding services;
ElasticJob-Cloud is a Mesos framework which use Mesos + Docker(todo) to manage and isolate resources and processes.

Elasticjob uses a unified job API for each product. 
Developers only need code one time and can deploy at will.

ElasticJob became an [Apache ShardingSphere](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/) Sub project on May 28 2020.

Welcome communicate with community via [mail list](mailto:dev@shardingsphere.apache.org).

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202-4EB1BA.svg)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob.svg)](https://github.com/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob/releases)

[![Maven Status](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.dangdang/elastic-job/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.dangdang/elastic-job)
[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/apache/shardingsphere-elasticjob?branch=master)

## Architecture

### ElasticJob-Lite

![ElasticJob-Lite Architecture](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/elasticjob/current/img/architecture/elasticjob_lite.png)

### ElasticJob-Cloud

![ElasticJob-Cloud Architecture](https://shardingsphere.apache.org/elasticjob/current/img/architecture/elasticjob_cloud.png)

## Features

- Elastic Schedule
  - Support job sharding and high availability in distributed system
  - Scale out for throughput and efficiency improvement
  - Job processing capacity is flexible and scalable with the allocation of resources

- Resource Assign
  - Execute job on suitable time and assigned resources
  - Aggregation same job to same job executor
  - Append resources to newly assigned jobs dynamically

- Job Governance
  - Failover
  - Misfired
  - Self diagnose and recover when distribute environment unstable

- Job Dependency (TODO)
  - DAG based job dependency
  - DAG based job item dependency

- Job Open Ecosystem
  - Unify job api for extension
  - Support rich job type lib, such as dataflow, script, HTTP, file, big data
  - Focus business SDK, can work with Spring IOC

- Admin Console
  - Job administration
  - Job event trace query
  - Registry center management
